How do you understand/debate ethics with someone who readily admits they have no interest in being “good”? (Hong Kong)
If you could extend a day to more than 24 hours do you think it would improve your life? How many hours would you add? (Hong Kong)
What is your fuel? Or, what fuels you? (Hong Kong)
Should you actively try to multitask to make full use of your time? (Hong Kong)
How much do you let people's perception of you influence the way you live? (Hong Kong)
Have you ever been embarrassed in front of all your peers? (Hong Kong)
What is the ultimate meaning of life? (Hong Kong)
Why do the rules in society affect our level of authenticity that much? (Hong Kong)
Is your online self truer or more curated than your offline self? How and why? (Hong Kong)
Who in your life sees all of you? How does that feel? (Hong Kong)
How can striving for authenticity or individualism go too far? (Hong Kong)
What's the occasion that you think you must not be like the authentic you? (Hong Kong)
Why is it that when people ask you to introduce yourself, you get this sudden wave of anxiety or maybe just like suddenly my brain is empty? (Hong Kong)
Can you be authentically religious? In another word, does authenticity demand a certain way of life? (Hong Kong)
Have you ever felt the need to set yourself apart or distinguish yourself from someone to claim your individuality back? (Hong Kong)
Do you think that 'who you are' is a part of the shadow self deep down in the subconsciousness that can never be discovered, or at least takes immense effort to uncover? (Hong Kong)
What is the purpose of life? (Hong Kong)
What is the meaning of having kids? (Hong Kong)
What's your proudest achievement so far? (Hong Kong)
Do you think guys/men and girls/women can be friends? How would you define friendship? (Hong Kong)
You are paid 5,000 for standing in an empty room. How long do you stay? (Hong Kong)
What aspect of humanity do you think is most worth preserving after all life on Earth is gone? Or do you think another form of life is more worthy? (Hong Kong)
If you had 5 minutes with your 10 year old self, what would you tell yourself? (Hong Kong)
Is high self-consciousness good or bad for mental health? (Hong Kong)
Do you think you can survive without internet or smartphones? (Hong Kong)
Do you agree that actively seeking discomfort helps you grow faster? (Hong Kong)
Is it okay to be judgmental? (Hong Kong)
What’s the difference between how men and women define true love? (Hong Kong)
What is an unhealthy sense of entitlement that you think you have? (Hong Kong)
Would you continue to eat meat if you had to kill the animal yourself? (Hong Kong)
What part of you has changed the most after each reflection? (Hong Kong)
Have you built any lasting friendships in recent years? (Hong Kong)
What is the biggest challenge people face in finding happiness? (Hong Kong)
How do you keep your chin up when going through uncertainty? (Hong Kong)
Can you ever be completely honest? (Hong Kong)
What will you regret if you don’t do it this year? (Hong Kong)
How can we practice unconditional self-acceptance in a profit-driven world? (Hong Kong)
How to forget the war while living in a peaceful city? (Hong Kong)
What would you do when the people you want to hear you can't really hear you? (Hong Kong)
What do you know now that you wish you knew earlier on in life? (Hong Kong)
When you are in an ambiguous phase with a love interest, how long should that phase be? (Hong Kong)
What famous or non-famous person would you choose to do your eulogy? (Hong Kong)
Is it possible to have a job, not a career, and stay in the same role without a promotion? (Hong Kong)
How do you handle rejection? Do you think men handle rejection better than women? (Hong Kong)
Can one ever be completely honest? (Hong Kong)
You are the average of the 10 persons closest to you. Do you agree with this statement? (Hong Kong)
What thing or lesson or realization has had a transformative impact on your life? (Hong Kong)
What makes a stressful relationship? (Osaka)
What is one thing you feel Japanese people should change for a better life? (Osaka)
How do you retain faith that what lies ahead is as beautiful as what lies behind you? (Osaka)
What would you like to do if you could do anything? (Osaka)
If you could travel to any country for free, which one would you choose? (Osaka)
Do you think it’s important to pay attention to the news? Is it helpful to your life? (Osaka)
What do you enjoy teaching the most? (Osaka)
If you could have a superpower, what would it be? (Osaka)
Are negative emotions, such as stress and anxiety, caused by external situations, or are they created by ourselves? (Zoom)
At work, how authentic are you? Do you put on a "work mask," or are you truly authentic with yourself? (Zoom)
How can I gain more trust in myself? (Zoom)
Is happiness more about "being" than "doing"? (Zoom)
What is your favorite mantra or quote that has resonated with you? (Zoom)
Discuss whether we have different parts of our personality that we share with different friend groups, and if this as a whole is our authentic self. (Zoom)
When you are working on something important, but you feel very bored doing it, how can you solve this issue? (Shenzhen)
What is a place that you would like to visit again and again? (Shenzhen)
How can you make happiness or external success a byproduct? (Shenzhen)