Why is sorrow more unforgettable than happiness? (Hong Kong)
Gender equality dimensions (Hong Kong)
How closely do you identify with your local, cultural, or national identity? Are there other identities you feel connected to or aspire to embrace? (Hong Kong)
How do economic instability and political shifts in your local community or region affect your personal life, aspirations, or sense of belonging? How do you navigate these challenges? (Hong Kong)
If you could go back 10 years and make one change in those years, what would it be? (Hong Kong)
Why is there no tomorrow? (Hong Kong)
What is your most heart-breaking moment? How do you face it? (Hong Kong)
Have you found the meaning of your life? (Hong Kong)
How to overcome sufferings? (Hong Kong)
What is the easiest and most difficult thing to do? (Hong Kong)
What significant challenges have you successfully navigated or accomplished? (Hong Kong)
How to be creative, and how to make a group discussion maximize productivity? (Hong Kong)
Why is this happening to me only? (Hong Kong)
What sort of things do you want to change about society? (Hong Kong)
How do you deal with pain? (Hong Kong)
What is your earliest memory? (Hong Kong)
When you start to realize “who I am”? (Hong Kong)
What underlying motivations drive us to continue certain behaviors, whether they are considered beneficial or detrimental, even when we consciously desire to stop? (Hong Kong)
What are the psychological factors that make it difficult to limit or cease actions we perceive as 'good', even when they might become excessive or unsustainable? (Hong Kong)
What are the psychological and social barriers that prevent individuals from stopping 'bad' habits or harmful behaviors, despite recognizing their negative consequences? (Hong Kong)
How to manage changing values in life without or at least limiting the cognitive dissonance conflict with my own existing value? (Hong Kong)
What is this ‘life’ to you? (Hong Kong)
Have you managed to quit your worst habit? (Hong Kong)
What’s your earliest memory? (Hong Kong)
How would you describe the cultural inclusivity of your local community or region? In what ways does it embrace or integrate diverse cultural influences? (Hong Kong)
Who is your hero? (Hong Kong)
What is your favorite local or regional dish, and how does it resonate with you culturally or personally? (Hong Kong)
How to control consumption on the volume of coffee to get max benefit? (Hong Kong)
Do you think that there is more in reality than what science and our senses show? (Hong Kong)
If you are a hiring manager and choosing candidates for an entry-level position, what do you think is the competitive advantage of someone who is 50 years old or a group of 25-year-old candidates during the changing world and evolving industry landscape? (Hong Kong)
Do you feel like you have faced the bad parts of yourself? Do you understand your flaws? Are you working on them? (Hong Kong)
Is it possible to completely get rid of imposter syndrome? (Hong Kong)
Describe a time when you had trust broken and how did that affect you. (Hong Kong)
Do you feel the world is growing increasingly uncertain, particularly with rising economic instability and global challenges? How do these trends shape your outlook or daily life? (Hong Kong)
Where do you get your moments of awe to ignite creativity? (Hong Kong)
Do you think it is a helpful philosophy not to pass judgment before first trying to understand, and when exactly is judging first a better philosophy? (Hong Kong)
How do you gain the courage to make a life-changing decision that you want to make but feel very scary to make? (Hong Kong)
What are the qualities of a person that you would love to connect with? (Hong Kong)
Why do people show cruelty? (Hong Kong)
How conducive is your local environment or community to nurturing meaningful personal relationships, such as friendships, family bonds, or romantic partnerships? (Hong Kong)
How to be patient? (Hong Kong)
How did you get through the hardest time in your life and what change did you need to undergo? (Hong Kong)
What is one area of your life where you can practice self-compassion? (Hong Kong)
What do you expect to get from this Curious Cafe? (Hong Kong)
Would you like to have a way to see what your life would have been if you had made a different choice? (Hong Kong)
What is the best advice you have ever received? (Hong Kong)
How do you get in the way of your own success? (Hong Kong)
Do you think there is an end-point to self actualization? If it's a lifelong journey, is it even possible to envision your actualized self? What would they be like? (Hong Kong)
If you could change one aspect of your personality, what would it be? (Hong Kong)
Would you rather not knowing the truth and having a happy life or knowing the truth and experiencing heartbreak? (Hong Kong)
If you could never work again, how would you spend your time? (Hong Kong)
If money wasn't a problem, what are three things you wouldn't survive a week without? (Hong Kong)
How does one handle being alone? Is that a time for growth or something to avoid? (Hong Kong)
Do you believe people should change for love or should accept people as they are? (Hong Kong)
Are you afraid of intimate relationships? If so, why? If not, why not? (Hong Kong)
If love once existed, will it always remain or can it disappear? Will you always love those you once did? Example: an ex or your abusive parents or can it fade with time? (Hong Kong)
What about love excites you? (Hong Kong)
Do you think marriage should be contract based with an end date on it and the parties will decide if they want to extend it? (Hong Kong)
Does attention span affect the way we date? (Hong Kong)
How much time do you wait for someone to figure out if they want to be in a relationship with you? (Hong Kong)
How do you know if a person is truly trustworthy and worthwhile to commit to cultivate a genuine and long lasting relationship? (Hong Kong)
Do you think opposites attract or do successful relationships require similarities? (Hong Kong)
How do you stay resilient while experiencing change (i.e. as a person, new life chapter, etc.)? (Hong Kong)
“You should vote in your own interests." Is it wrong for people to use this to be selfish and preclude the well-being of their fellow man from their "interests"? (Hong Kong)
It seems the big depression is coming soon. What should we prepare for that? (Hong Kong)
Should you save or spend when you are young? (Hong Kong)
If people came with a label about your head, what would yours say? 😊 (Hong Kong)
Do you believe that how someone judges reflects more about their projection of themselves onto you than your actual character. If yes, how would you deal with their judgment? (Hong Kong)
How important is closure to you in different stages of life? (Hong Kong)
Where in your life do you find it hard to balance, constantly swinging between extremes? (Hong Kong)
What is home and how do you find it? (Hong Kong)
What's the most interesting thing that happened to you as a child that you would like to relive? (Hong Kong)
What makes life worth living? (Hong Kong)
How to be less afraid of death? (Hong Kong)
What have you learned about love? (Hong Kong)
Describe a time you achieved what you were striving for only to feel disappointed by the success. (Hong Kong)
What are some practices you have that help to make sure you are living your life in alignment? (Hong Kong)
Is life just a game? Game is something you derive meaning by following arbitrary or meaningless laws. (Hong Kong)
How do you persuade people to do something they do not want to do and have no consequence for them? (Hong Kong)
Why is asking for help or sharing your mental health challenges of your loved ones/friends difficult? (Hong Kong)
Do you think forgiving is necessary for your mental well-being? (Hong Kong)
What is the one most effective strategy for you to support your mental health? (Hong Kong)
How do you foster self-compassion and self love? (Hong Kong)
Are you aware of rising mental health challenges or youth distress in your community or region? What societal, cultural, or systemic factors do you believe contribute to these struggles, and how might they be addressed? (Hong Kong)
How to cope with the “anxieties” about the probable economic depression in the near future? (Hong Kong)
What is more important, mental health or security? (Hong Kong)
Tell us about a moment where you felt wonderful. (Hong Kong)
Do you perceive stigma or discrimination toward individuals with mental health conditions in your community or society? Have you observed efforts to address these mental health-related challenges? (Hong Kong)
What habit was the most impactful in improving your mental health? (Hong Kong)
Do you think that every person will be mentally healthy anytime in the future? (Hong Kong)
What is the most important lesson you've learned about mental health? (Hong Kong)
What role does exercise play in mental health? (Hong Kong)
How do you understand/debate ethics with someone who readily admits they have no interest in being “good”? (Hong Kong)
If you could extend a day to more than 24 hours do you think it would improve your life? How many hours would you add? (Hong Kong)
What is your fuel? Or, what fuels you? (Hong Kong)
Should you actively try to multitask to make full use of your time? (Hong Kong)
How much do you let people's perception of you influence the way you live? (Hong Kong)
Have you ever been embarrassed in front of all your peers? (Hong Kong)
What is the ultimate meaning of life? (Hong Kong)
How do you deal with feelings of loneliness? (Macau)
Why are you here? (Macau)
What is your love language? (Macau)
What is your favorite music band, and why? (Macau)
What superpower would you choose and why? (Macau)
How do you find the courage to advocate for yourself when the other party has a lot of power over you either via external constructs or via instilling within you various limiting beliefs? (Macau)
In a world where wealth can be generated through investing, speculation, or other non-traditional avenues, how do you define the value or purpose of work in your life? (Macau)
What role does personal fulfillment play alongside financial gain? (Macau)
What is the meaning of work if we can automate everything? (Macau)
Do you agree with the following statement? Why or why not? “Everyone is only responsible for their own emotions. They have no responsibility to cater to others' emotions, even if the others are family members or partners.” (Macau)
Would AI replace humans? (Shenzhen)
If you would be a villain, who would you be? (Shenzhen)
How do you personally define concepts like faith, trust, or belief? How do cultural, spiritual, or life experiences shape your understanding of these ideas, and in what ways do they influence your decisions or relationships? (Shenzhen)
How to or how do you connect what you do to something bigger in a secular world? (Shenzhen)
Why do people go soul searching? Does it actually help? And how do you do it? (Kuala Lumpur)
Are you afraid of death? Why or why not? (Kuala Lumpur)
What is the most meaningful experience from last year that you would like to carry into this year? (Kuala Lumpur)
Who am I or who are you? Or, strengths and weaknesses. (Kuala Lumpur)
If you are able to write your own obituary, what would it be? (Singapore)
What do you do to wait out? (Singapore)
What belief keeps getting you into trouble? (Singapore)
What values or actions do you most align with? (Singapore)
What are your core values? (Singapore)
What makes you angry, and how do you behave when you are angry? (Singapore)
What kind of world would you live in if you could create one? (Singapore)
Is love an action or a reaction? (Singapore)
Are you really happy with where you are right now? (Singapore)
What does success mean to you? (Singapore)
If you are able to turn back the clock, what is one thing that you will change? (Singapore)
What's your biggest regret? (Singapore)
What is one value you have that is different from most of the people around you? (Singapore)
What is the most spontaneous thing you have ever done? (Singapore)
What is one stereotype about your gender that you wish to refute? What is one stereotype of the opposite gender that you think or wish is not true? (Singapore)
How do you respect and honor parents who don't love you? (Singapore)
Would you rather date someone you love or date someone who loves you? (Singapore)
How do you ascertain your boundaries? (Singapore)
What is something that you have never admitted to anyone else? (Singapore)
In this age of abundance, do we need wars? (Singapore)
Do you believe in “I don’t chase, I attract”? (Singapore)
If you can have one super power, what would it be? (Singapore)
What would make you fully happy right now? What can you do to make it happen? (Singapore)
What’s your most little, trivial, small reason to make you live 1 more day? (Singapore)
What is something you wish people knew about you? (Singapore)
What is your purpose in life? Where do you see yourself in 3 years’ time? (Singapore)
Why or how is there a difference between platonic and romantic love? (Singapore)
What’s your dream job if money didn’t matter? (Singapore)
Do you rather be sad or angry? (Singapore)
What makes you happy? (Singapore)
If you have a chance to have a magical wish fulfilled, what will this wish be? (Singapore)
What is the difference between love and relationships? (Singapore)
Is there something that you want to tell to your inner child? (Singapore)
⁠What small change can everyone make to take the world a better place? (Singapore)
⁠What concept do people generally accept but it is foreign to you? (Singapore)
⁠Which one aspect of your life that you feel is not fulfilling? (Singapore)
⁠Was there ever a time when you wanted revenge/justice for something that was done to you? How did you deal with it? (Singapore)
⁠How to know when to follow the head or the heart? (Singapore)
How should someone approach obstacles like imposter syndrome? (Taipei)
If you had a choice, which period of time would you choose to be born in? (Taipei)
What is the best gift you’ve ever received or what is your most recent happy memory? (Taipei)
What’s your thought on addiction and how do you tackle it? (Taipei)
How ethical do you think you are? (Taipei)
Do you think people change over time or they show who they truly are (true color) as you get to know them over time? (Taipei)
If you could choose to be a bird, or a fish, which one would you choose to be? (Taipei)
What do you feel your life purpose is? (Taipei)
What has been the most defining moment in your life? (Taipei)
What are three things in your life that make you wake up in the morning and keep moving? Why? (Taipei)
Which tradition do you think should disappear? (Taipei)
Do you think the end of the world will happen in our generation? (Taipei)
Do you consider yourself to be a ‘good’ person? (Taipei)
What retirement means to me. (Taipei)
What does ‘family/extended family’ mean to you? Or a relationship if you don’t prefer having one. (Taipei)
How to balance our higher needs and primitive needs? (Taipei)
How to practice being grateful without believing in God? (Taipei)
How to balance the needs of the collective in an increasingly individualistic society? (Taipei)
How would your life be like if you decided to be single for the rest of your life? (Taipei)
How to ‘kick out’ the anxious feeling in your life? (Taipei)
Are there situations where something doesn’t necessarily compromise your values but it makes you uncomfortable or unsure, but you're afraid to disappoint the people you are with, so you go through with it anyway? (Taipei)
You overhear your co-workers bad-mouthing another co-worker. You're unfamiliar with the situation and this co-worker, but you are certain that this co-worker is being unfairly maligned. You don't want to escalate this to HR. How do you respond? (Taipei)
Forget the past and future. If I say live the present, what will pop out in your mind? (Guangzhou)
Do you believe in true love? (Guangzhou)
What do you love the most of your body? Why? (Guangzhou)
How can someone who is slow with getting warmed up in romance find love and nurture their love relationship? (Guangzhou)
If you could describe a moment of your future in a picture or painting, what would it be? (Shanghai)
How do you make meaningful connections with strangers when you are all by yourself? (Shanghai)
Is attraction a requirement for love? If so, how could arranged marriages have worked? They successfully created good families, after all. Could the romantic freedom and choices we have today be detrimental? If so, how can we navigate around their pitfalls? (Shanghai)
What makes a stressful relationship? (Osaka)
What is one thing you feel Japanese people should change for a better life? (Osaka)
How do you retain faith that what lies ahead is as beautiful as what lies behind you? (Osaka)
What would you like to do if you could do anything? (Osaka)
If you could travel to any country for free, which one would you choose? (Osaka)
Do you think it’s important to pay attention to the news? Is it helpful to your life? (Osaka)
What do you enjoy teaching the most? (Osaka)
If you could have a superpower, what would it be? (Osaka)
What is the best relationship advice you would give / have received? (Zoom)
What travel experience has changed your perspective? (Zoom)
How to deal with the confusion about what is right or wrong in terms of social values and judgments nowadays? (Zoom)
How do you get through tough times? (Zoom)
Moving beyond societal norms and media portrayals, how would you personally define love based on your own experiences, emotions, or philosophical beliefs? (Zoom)
