The only way to do great work is to love what you do. -- Steve Jobs
Believe you can and you're halfway there. -- Theodore Roosevelt
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. -- Eleanor Roosevelt
Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value. -- Albert Einstein
The best way to predict the future is to create it. -- Peter Drucker
Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we react to it. -- Charles R. Swindoll
The mind is everything. What you think you become. -- Buddha
The true sign of intelligence is not knowledge but imagination. -- Albert Einstein
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower. -- Steve Jobs
The only source of knowledge is experience. -- Albert Einstein
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. -- Nelson Mandela
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. -- Walt Disney
Your time is limited, don't waste it living someone else's life. -- Steve Jobs
If you look at what you have in life, you'll always have more. If you look at what you don't have in life, you'll never have enough. -- Oprah Winfrey
If you set your goals ridiculously high and it's a failure, you will fail above everyone else's success. -- James Cameron
The only impossible journey is the one you never begin. -- Tony Robbins
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does. -- William James
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts. -- Winston Churchill
The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing. -- Edmund Burke
Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions. -- Dalai Lama XIV
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light. -- Aristotle Onassis
Whoever is happy will make others happy too. -- Anne Frank
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
You will face many defeats in life, but never let yourself be defeated. -- Maya Angelou
The journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step. -- Lao Tzu
In the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years. -- Abraham Lincoln
The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing. -- Socrates
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
The future belongs to those who prepare for it today. -- Malcolm X
The purpose of our lives is to be happy. -- Dalai Lama XIV
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. -- Thomas A. Edison
The greatest wealth is to live content with little. -- Plato
It is our choices, Harry, that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities. -- J.K. Rowling
Peace begins with a smile. -- Mother Teresa
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'! -- Audrey Hepburn
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it. -- Henry David Thoreau
Don’t be afraid to give up the good to go for the great. -- John D. Rockefeller
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have. -- Thomas Jefferson
Opportunities don't happen. You create them. -- Chris Grosser
What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise. -- Oscar Wilde
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today. -- Franklin D. Roosevelt
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are. -- Theodore Roosevelt
Dream big and dare to fail. -- Norman Vaughan
You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take. -- Wayne Gretzky
Whether you think you can or you think you can’t, you’re right. -- Henry Ford
The best revenge is massive success. -- Frank Sinatra
Life isn’t about getting and having, it’s about giving and being. -- Kevin Kruse
Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. -- Steve Jobs
Fall seven times and stand up eight. -- Japanese Proverb
The harder the conflict, the greater the triumph. -- George Washington
Don’t watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going. -- Sam Levenson
We become what we think about. -- Earl Nightingale
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. -- Mark Twain
The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees opportunity in every difficulty. -- Winston Churchill
Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear. -- George Addair
Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today. -- Will Rogers
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough. -- Mae West
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work. -- Thomas A. Edison
The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today. -- H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop. -- Confucius
If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things. -- Albert Einstein
The world is full of magical things patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper. -- Bertrand Russell
Do one thing every day that scares you. -- Eleanor Roosevelt
Don’t wait. The time will never be just right. -- Napoleon Hill
Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it. -- Confucius
The power of imagination makes us infinite. -- John Muir
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched — they must be felt with the heart. -- Helen Keller
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals. -- Zig Ziglar
Change your thoughts and you change your world. -- Norman Vincent Peale
It always seems impossible until it’s done. -- Nelson Mandela
The man who moves a mountain begins by carrying away small stones. -- Confucius
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did do. -- Mark Twain
A champion is defined not by their wins but by how they can recover when they fall. -- Serena Williams
The only way to do great work is to love what you do. -- Steve Jobs
Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently. -- Henry Ford
It is never too late to be what you might have been. -- George Eliot
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new. -- Albert Einstein
Believe deep down in your heart that you’re destined to do great things. -- Joe Paterno
We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated. -- Maya Angelou
I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination. -- Jimmy Dean
Keep your face always toward the sunshine—and shadows will fall behind you. -- Walt Whitman
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. -- C.S. Lewis
Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom. -- George S. Patton
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated. -- Confucius
The purpose of life is not to be happy. It is to be useful, to be honorable, to be compassionate, to have it make some difference that you have lived and lived well. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful. -- Albert Schweitzer
You cannot swim for new horizons until you have courage to lose sight of the shore. -- William Faulkner
What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality. -- Plutarch
Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom. -- Aristotle
The best way out is always through. -- Robert Frost
It’s not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters. -- Epictetus
Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after the other. -- Walter Elliot
The only journey is the one within. -- Rainer Maria Rilke
To handle yourself, use your head; to handle others, use your heart. -- Eleanor Roosevelt
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one. -- Elbert Hubbard
Turn your wounds into wisdom. -- Oprah Winfrey
Keep your eyes on the stars and your feet on the ground. -- Theodore Roosevelt
There is only one way to avoid criticism: do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing. -- Aristotle
Happiness depends upon ourselves. -- Aristotle
The obstacle is the way. -- Marcus Aurelius
In three words I can sum up everything I’ve learned about life: It goes on. -- Robert Frost
An unexamined life is not worth living. -- Socrates
Do what you feel in your heart to be right – for you’ll be criticized anyway. -- Eleanor Roosevelt
The only real mistake is the one from which we learn nothing. -- Henry Ford
In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity. -- Albert Einstein
Courage doesn’t always roar. Sometimes courage is the quiet voice at the end of the day saying, “I will try again tomorrow.” -- Mary Anne Radmacher
Don’t count the days, make the days count. -- Muhammad Ali
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all. -- Helen Keller
He who has a why to live can bear almost any how. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
Challenges are what make life interesting. Overcoming them is what makes life meaningful. -- Joshua J. Marine
The man who has confidence in himself gains the confidence of others. -- Hasidic Proverb
If opportunity doesn’t knock, build a door. -- Milton Berle
Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking. -- William Butler Yeats
We do not remember days, we remember moments. -- Cesare Pavese
A mind that is stretched by a new experience can never go back to its old dimensions. -- Oliver Wendell Holmes
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow is our doubts of today. -- Franklin D. Roosevelt
What you do today can improve all your tomorrows. -- Ralph Marston
The secret of success is to do the common thing uncommonly well. -- John D. Rockefeller Jr.
The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus. -- Bruce Lee
If you really look closely, most overnight successes took a long time. -- Steve Jobs
Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm. -- Winston Churchill
If you can dream it, you can do it. -- Walt Disney
It always seems impossible until it’s done. -- Nelson Mandela
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work. -- Thomas Edison
Big jobs usually go to the men who prove their ability to outgrow small ones. -- Theodore Roosevelt
Don’t limit yourself. Many people limit themselves to what they think they can do. You can go as far as your mind lets you. -- Mary Kay Ash
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us. -- Henry Stanley Haskins
The greater the difficulty, the more glory in surmounting it. -- Epicurus
He who opens a school door, closes a prison. -- Victor Hugo
Life’s most persistent and urgent question is, ‘What are you doing for others?’ -- Martin Luther King Jr.
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world. -- Nelson Mandela
A journey is best measured in friends, not in miles. -- Tim Cahill
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly. -- Robert F. Kennedy
A smooth sea never made a skilled sailor. -- Franklin D. Roosevelt
The purpose of art is washing the dust of daily life off our souls. -- Pablo Picasso
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit. -- Aristotle
The function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers. -- Ralph Nader
Life begins at the end of your comfort zone. -- Neale Donald Walsch
To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all. -- Oscar Wilde
It is not length of life, but depth of life. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
The big lesson in life, baby, is never be scared of anyone or anything. -- Frank Sinatra
Efforts and courage are not enough without purpose and direction. -- John F. Kennedy
It is not the strongest of the species that survive, nor the most intelligent, but the one most responsive to change. -- Charles Darwin
A wise man can learn more from a foolish question than a fool can learn from a wise answer. -- Bruce Lee
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment. -- Buddha
The best thing about the future is that it comes one day at a time. -- Abraham Lincoln
Life without love is like a tree without blossoms or fruit. -- Khalil Gibran
You must be the change you wish to see in the world. -- Mahatma Gandhi
The only true failure is when you stop trying. -- Anonymous
Dreams are the touchstones of our character. -- Henry David Thoreau
Every moment is a fresh beginning. -- T.S. Eliot
If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other. -- Mother Teresa
Do not anticipate trouble, or worry about what may never happen. Keep in the sunlight. -- Benjamin Franklin
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined. -- Henry David Thoreau
To succeed in life, you need two things: ignorance and confidence. -- Mark Twain
Keep love in your heart. A life without it is like a sunless garden when the flowers are dead. -- Oscar Wilde
It is not how much we have, but how much we enjoy, that makes happiness. -- Charles Spurgeon
Don’t judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant. -- Robert Louis Stevenson
The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong. -- Mahatma Gandhi
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can. -- Arthur Ashe
A year from now you may wish you had started today. -- Karen Lamb
The only thing we have to fear is fear itself. -- Franklin D. Roosevelt
Life is short, and it's up to you to make it sweet. -- Sarah Louise Delany
Do what you can, with what you’ve got, where you are. -- Squire Bill Widener
Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game. -- Babe Ruth
Every strike brings me closer to the next home run. -- Babe Ruth
Don’t cry because it’s over, smile because it happened. -- Dr. Seuss
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today. -- Franklin D. Roosevelt
You don’t have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great. -- Zig Ziglar
The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken. -- Oscar Wilde
Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world. -- Roy T. Bennett
Life isn’t about finding yourself. It’s about creating yourself. -- George Bernard Shaw
You cannot change your future, but you can change your habits, and surely your habits will change your future. -- A.P.J. Abdul Kalam
Do not pray for an easy life, pray for the strength to endure a difficult one. -- Bruce Lee
Don’t gain the world and lose your soul; wisdom is better than silver or gold. -- Bob Marley
The way I see it, if you want the rainbow, you gotta put up with the rain. -- Dolly Parton
To improve is to change; to be perfect is to change often. -- Winston Churchill
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear—not absence of fear. -- Mark Twain
Life is made of ever so many partings welded together. -- Charles Dickens
What you think, you become. What you feel, you attract. What you imagine, you create. -- Buddha
The best revenge is to be unlike him who performed the injury. -- Marcus Aurelius
It’s not the load that breaks you down, it’s the way you carry it. -- Lou Holtz
In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity. -- Albert Einstein
There is no substitute for hard work. -- Thomas Edison
Great things are done by a series of small things brought together. -- Vincent Van Gogh
We must not allow other people’s limited perceptions to define us. -- Virginia Satir
A mind is like a parachute. It doesn’t work if it isn’t open. -- Frank Zappa
Do not follow where the path may lead. Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. -- Muriel Strode
You are the artist of your own life. Don’t hand the paintbrush to anyone else. -- Anonymous
Don’t let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do. -- John Wooden
Limitations live only in our minds. But if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless. -- Jamie Paolinetti
The question isn’t who is going to let me; it’s who is going to stop me. -- Ayn Rand
You only fail when you stop trying. -- Anonymous
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving. -- Albert Einstein
Difficulties in life are intended to make us better, not bitter. -- Dan Reeves
Every accomplishment starts with the decision to try. -- John F. Kennedy
The future depends on what you do today. -- Mahatma Gandhi
A goal is not always meant to be reached; it often serves simply as something to aim at. -- Bruce Lee
If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else. -- Booker T. Washington
Start by doing what’s necessary; then do what’s possible; and suddenly you are doing the impossible. -- Francis of Assisi
The only way to achieve the impossible is to believe it is possible. -- Charles Kingsleigh
You measure the size of the accomplishment by the obstacles you had to overcome to reach your goals. -- Booker T. Washington
Life is really about creating yourself. -- George Bernard Shaw
Don’t let success go to your head and failure go to your heart. -- Will Smith
Never bend your head. Always hold it high. Look the world straight in the eye. -- Helen Keller
Dreams don’t work unless you do. -- John C. Maxwell
Don’t count the things you do, do the things that count. -- Zig Ziglar
What we think, we become. -- Buddha
Success is stumbling from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm. -- Winston Churchill
What we fear of doing most is usually what we most need to do. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are. -- Theodore Roosevelt
The harder you work for something, the greater you’ll feel when you achieve it. -- Anonymous
A dream doesn’t become reality through magic; it takes sweat, determination, and hard work. -- Colin Powell
The best way to make your dreams come true is to wake up. -- Paul Valéry
Don’t be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart. -- Roy T. Bennett
You are never too old to reinvent yourself. -- Steve Harvey
Be so good they can’t ignore you. -- Steve Martin
Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it. -- Maya Angelou
The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same. -- Colin R. Davis
Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going. -- Jim Ryun
Don’t let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning. -- Robert Kiyosaki
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. -- Mark Twain
Quitters never win. Winners never quit. -- Vince Lombardi
Your limitation—it’s only your imagination. -- Anonymous
If you’re going through hell, keep going. -- Winston Churchill
Try not to become a man of success. Rather become a man of value. -- Albert Einstein
Opportunities don’t happen. You create them. -- Chris Grosser
The successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way. -- Dale Carnegie
Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom. -- George S. Patton
Don’t wait for opportunity. Create it. -- George Bernard Shaw
If you don’t value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents—start charging for it. -- Kim Garst
Work like there is someone working twenty-four hours a day to take it away from you. -- Mark Cuban
Don’t spend time beating on a wall, hoping to transform it into a door. -- Coco Chanel
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. -- Walt Disney
Happiness is not by chance, but by choice. -- Jim Rohn
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment. -- Jim Rohn
The key to success is to focus on goals, not obstacles. -- Anonymous
Don’t let small minds convince you that your dreams are too big. -- Anonymous
Never give up, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn. -- Harriet Beecher Stowe
You don’t need to see the whole staircase, just take the first step. -- Martin Luther King Jr.
Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today. -- Will Rogers
Push yourself, because no one else is going to do it for you. -- Anonymous
The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra. -- Jimmy Johnson
Hardships often prepare ordinary people for an extraordinary destiny. -- C.S. Lewis
Keep going. Everything you need will come to you at the perfect time. -- Anonymous
You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take. -- Wayne Gretzky
The man who moves a mountain begins by carrying away small stones. -- Confucius
Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle. -- Christian D. Larson
It takes as much energy to wish as it does to plan. -- Eleanor Roosevelt
Don’t watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going. -- Sam Levenson
You’ve got to get up every morning with determination if you’re going to go to bed with satisfaction. -- George Lorimer
If you want something you’ve never had, you must be willing to do something you’ve never done. -- Thomas Jefferson
The people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones who do. -- Rob Siltanen
Do not wait; the time will never be ‘just right.’ Start where you stand, and work with whatever tools you may have at your command. -- Napoleon Hill
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. -- Nelson Mandela
Success is not the absence of failure; it’s the persistence through failure. -- Aisha Tyler
You don’t have to be perfect to be amazing. -- Anonymous
The journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step. -- Lao Tzu
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor. -- Truman Capote
Believe in yourself, take on your challenges, dig deep within yourself to conquer fears. Never let anyone bring you down. You got this. -- Chantal Sutherland
Don’t be afraid to give up the good to go for the great. -- John D. Rockefeller
It’s not whether you get knocked down, it’s whether you get up. -- Vince Lombardi
Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out. -- Robert Collier
The difference between who you are and who you want to be is what you do. -- Anonymous
The only way to achieve the impossible is to believe it is possible. -- Charles Kingsleigh
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can. -- Arthur Ashe
Dreams are extremely important. You can’t do it unless you imagine it. -- George Lucas
The expert in anything was once a beginner. -- Helen Hayes
The question isn’t who is going to let me; it’s who is going to stop me. -- Ayn Rand
A goal without a plan is just a wish. -- Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
Success is not in what you have, but who you are. -- Bo Bennett
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it. -- Henry David Thoreau
Even if you’re on the right track, you’ll get run over if you just sit there. -- Will Rogers
A champion is someone who gets up when they can’t. -- Jack Dempsey
Hard work beats talent when talent doesn’t work hard. -- Tim Notke
Life is not about finding yourself. It’s about creating yourself. -- George Bernard Shaw
You can’t cross the sea merely by standing and staring at the water. -- Rabindranath Tagore
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals. -- Zig Ziglar
Action is the foundational key to all success. -- Pablo Picasso
If you’re offered a seat on a rocket ship, don’t ask what seat! Just get on. -- Sheryl Sandberg
It’s not about ideas. It’s about making ideas happen. -- Scott Belsky
Work gives you meaning and purpose, and life is empty without it. -- Stephen Hawking
Do the hard jobs first. The easy jobs will take care of themselves. -- Dale Carnegie
Success seems to be connected with action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don’t quit. -- Conrad Hilton
You don’t need a new day to start over. You only need a new mindset. -- Anonymous
You are never too small to make a difference. -- Greta Thunberg
Happiness is not something ready-made. It comes from your own actions. -- Dalai Lama XIV
Whatever you are, be a good one. -- Abraham Lincoln
The only thing standing between you and your goal is the story you keep telling yourself as to why you can’t achieve it. -- Jordan Belfort
Don’t wish it were easier. Wish you were better. -- Jim Rohn
If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way. -- Napoleon Hill
Don’t let the noise of others’ opinions drown out your own inner voice. -- Steve Jobs
The best way to predict the future is to invent it. -- Alan Kay
You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it. -- Margaret Thatcher
Never confuse a single defeat with a final defeat. -- F. Scott Fitzgerald
The man who has confidence in himself gains the confidence of others. -- Hasidic Proverb
Success is the ability to go from one failure to another with no loss of enthusiasm. -- Winston Churchill
A little progress each day adds up to big results. -- Satya Nani